- Previously on
"School Spirits"...
- Before we wrap up today,
I'm giving you an assignment.
May I interrupt?
- What's that?
- Some sample obituaries
just to inspire.
- We're all just trying
to cross over.
I mean, Janet did it,
and she had been here
since, like, 1960.
But the alternative is Dawn.
- Mrs. Nears, I know it looks
like I harmed your daughter,
but nothing could be further
from the truth.
[tires screeching]
[lights buzzing]
- Dawn just crossed over.
- Does anybody remember
this happening when Janet left?
- Nope.
- Need to talk to my mother.
- Why?
- I think she may
have killed me.
[school bell ringing]
[SOHN's "The Wheel"]
* *
- * I died a week ago *
* There's nothing left *
* It's caught on video *
* *
* The very last breath *
* The internal avalanche *
* The cave-in of mines *
* Covering all evidence *
* The very last time *
- Where should I look?
- Try the dresser.
She used to hide bottles
in her closet.
If she took that money,
it'll be in one
of her usual hiding places.
She's gotten less and less
creative over the years.
- * Reinventing the wheel *
- [coughs]
- * All this searching
for something *
- When she's really desperate
she even uses my room.
* *
[building dramatic music]
- Find it?
- What?
- The history notebook.
That's why you're here, right?
You said you needed
Maddie's notebook.
- Right, yes.
I found it.
I should head
back to school.
[tense music]
[dog barking]
* *
[dramatic music]
- * Don't forget me
when I'm gone *
* *
* Don't forget me
when I'm gone, gone *
* *
* Don't you forget me *
* Don't forget me
when I'm gone *
* Don't you forget me
* Don't you forget me *
* Don't forget me
when I'm gone *
[soft dramatic music]
* *
- I know it's not what
we thought we'd find, but...
- I had this when I went
to look for her.
And I didn't have it
when I showed up here.
Si, she couldn't--
- There could be
a completely logical,
non-murderous explanation
for this.
- Get her here.
I always know when she's lying.
I know all her tells.
If you can get her in a room
with me--
or with us,
you can talk to her,
and we can figure out if...
my mom--
- Okay.
Okay, I'll figure
something out.
- Simon?
Yesterday, what you said
about whether or not
us figuring it out
means me moving on--
- Don't worry
about that right now.
I was being selfish.
- You're never selfish.
- Maddie, if it was her,
are you sure you wanna know?
[school bell rings]
- Are you insane?
- That is the worst
possible idea.
- You know, play that out
in your head real quick.
Hi, Sheriff, I blackmailed
a teacher for money
and maybe accidentally framed
my missing best friend.
You've arrested a person
who couldn't have kidnapped her
because while they were
being questioned,
I decided to bury
my recently stolen hush money,
so you'll just have
to take my word for it?
- And in addition
to this all sounding
absolutely unbelievable,
if we--
if we confess,
then what's next?
Look, I know we messed up--bad.
But we're talking
about our futures.
- What about his?
[intense music]
* *
- There has to be another way.
Okay?
If we go confess now without
any proof to back us up,
then it's over.
- And the real killer
gets away.
- And the light...
- Yes.
- That she always stares at.
- Yeah.
- At the same time
as the goosebumps.
- It stopped flickering.
- Simultaneous goosebumps.
You felt it too.
- Did you guys have them?
- And the hum.
The--it was this--
I mean, we--
we all heard the noise.
It--it was impossible to miss.
[spluttering]
Nothing like that happened
when Janet left.
- I mean, what--what are
we missing here, Mr. Martin?
- Well, no, I mean, I--
I realize it's odd,
but maybe there--
there's no correlation
between what happened
with Janet and--
and what happened with Dawn.
I mean, maybe it's entirely
different experiences.
- Was there anything weird
about the day
that Janet departed?
- Was there any weird sounds
or--or lights?
- No.
No.
There was nothing strange
about the day
that Janet crossed over.
She was simply there one moment
and--and gone the next.
I'm--I'm not sure
why this is any different.
- That doesn't make any sense.
After all these years,
how can you still be
so clueless?
- Excuse me, Charley.
I'm--I'm not sure that's fair.
- But what--what if looking
back isn't a bad thing?
What if it's actually the--
the key to get out of here?
Why shouldn't
we at least try that?
- Because it's painful
to constantly be thinking
about it!
Right?
To--to relive it all.
- Painful how?
- The day I died,
I made a mistake.
I turned my back on a student
for a split second,
and there was an error,
a fatal error.
There was a fire.
I managed--
I managed to save my class,
but not myself.
- Doesn't that make you
a hero then?
A martyr?
It wasn't even your fault.
- I was the teacher.
I should have been paying
closer attention.
I should have known
what was going on.
Instead my--my students had
to live with the memory...
[somber music]
Of seeing--seeing all that.
Let's just say
that I failed them,
and I don't wanna
fail all of you too.
* *
I have spent the last 60 years
trying to help you all.
You know, I--I may not have
chosen to be here,
but I have tried my very best
to make this time count,
to make it better for you.
- He's right.
He has done a lot to try
to help us over the years.
- Like mock trials
and obituaries?
* *
- I realize
how disappointing it is
not to have all the answers.
I wish I could be of more help.
But this--
this is unprecedented.
I wish I had more answers.
I don't.
[door opens]
[door closes]
* *
- It's totally weird
not having Dawn around
all the time, right?
[sighs]
Everyone is really just
upset and confused.
But you talked to her,
like, right before, um...
[quietly] Poof.
- I told her I was sorry
for what she saw
during the anti-séance,
you know, sorry that
anyone treated her that way
when she didn't deserve it,
'cause she didn't.
It wasn't her fault.
- Yeah.
We weren't always
so great to her either.
- I guess she finally just
heard what she needed to hear.
What would you do
if the one person
who was supposed to protect you
is the one who hurt you?
Like, the person whose only
job is to keep you safe?
I feel like for the first time
in this whole ordeal,
I'm scared of the truth.
[soft electronic music]
* *
- Hey.
If anybody taught me
how to face my fears,
it's you.
Come here.
I got you.
[sighs] It's okay.
- [breathing shakily]
* *
- * Caught up in a moment *
* Listing to the left *
* *
- How did the interview go?
- What interview?
- Your Northwestern interview.
- Uh, yeah, it was fine.
It's whatever.
I don't think I wanna
go there anymore.
- What do you think
Maddie would think about that?
I found out last week
that Maddie was selected
to receive
the fall English award.
I know it's short notice,
but I was thinking
maybe you'd like
to accept it on her behalf.
It starts at 7:00.
You could even say a few words,
if you'd like.
- No.
No, Maddie's mom should
accept it.
- Okay.
- I'll let her know.
[phone rings]
[indistinct chatter]
- Got it.
Anybody got eyes on him?
Yeah, just--
well, confirm it with me.
Yep.
What now?
- Was that call
about Mr. South?
- What do you want, Xavier?
- Come on, Dad.
There is no way
that Mr. South had anything to
do with Maddie's disappearance.
I--I was with him
the day that she went missing.
I--I've told you this
a million times.
- Well, I'm busy.
- I also know he couldn't
have been in those houses.
The person that I saw
in the house
where you found the crowbar
jumped out of a window.
Mr. South can barely
make it up the steps
without a knee brace.
What?
- So now you're gonna
come down here
and admit to me...
- [scoffs]
- That you were there?
That's a bold move, Xavier,
you know, coming down here
to my office tell me that.
I should be
arresting you right now.
- Yeah. Yeah, Dad,
maybe you should arrest me.
Or crazy idea,
do your fucking job
and arrest the actual criminal!
- That's enough.
[tense music]
I got work to do.
Go home, Xavier.
* *
- Hey.
- Things were weird earlier.
- I don't know, I think
we lapped weird decades ago.
- Okay, what is
going on with you?
Why aren't you asking
more questions?
Dawn crossed over.
- Good for her.
That doesn't help me.
- Yeah, okay.
But what if it could?
We were there.
Dawn found something yesterday
in the séance, right?
She must have
unlocked something--
something huge.
- We never saw her cross over.
- Yeah, but we felt it.
Right?
I mean, she was able
to conjure her memories,
and she made it out.
- Can't you just slow down
on all of this?
- See, th-this is what
I'm talking about.
Where is this coming from?
You--you were in some big rush
to cross over,
and--and now
you wanna slow down.
- You're out of your depth,
Charley.
Give it up.
- You can't just shut me out.
- Just give it up, Charley!
- Rhonda, you can talk to me.
We're friends.
- Why?
Because we're
stuck here together?
Get a fucking clue, kid.
[tense music]
- Fine.
[door opens]
* *
- [sighs]
- Are we early?
There's no one here.
- Yeah.
I just thought we could
take a couple minutes,
think over what you wanna say.
- No, I--I don't wanna
give a speech.
- Oh, it's nothing big.
Just figured you might
wanna say a few words.
We can just write
a few things down.
That way you don't have
to think on the fly.
Here.
- Which one was hers?
Where did Maddie sit?
- All right.
So, uh, guess we should start.
[tense music]
* *
- There. This is the address.
Wait, wasn't the last break-in
one block over?
- Yeah.
- Hey, is that door open?
- Maybe the cops
already came by.
- It looks like
it's been broken into.
- Should we go in?
- Uh, yeah,
'cause that's worked
so well for you in the past.
- Good point.
- Look, I say we just sit
and watch, wait.
If there's movement
or something weird,
then we got a closer look.
You know, like a stakeout.
- Awesome.
Few hours with you guys
cramped in a car
is exactly how I wanted
to spend my Wednesday night.
- Are you finding anything?
- Dude, this thing was old
when I went here.
- [sighs]
Dawn found something yesterday
when she looked into her past,
and Janet must have
done the same.
So--so maybe if we look
into their pasts too,
we can find something
that could explain all of this.
What year are you on?
- Uh, 1959.
I'm trying to move backwards,
but I am not seeing
Janet's name anywhere.
She died in 1960, right?
- Yeah.
No, nothing of much interest
in Dawn's student file either.
You know, I--
I know we weren't
super close, but...
I feel kind of awful
that we didn't get
to say goodbye to her.
[soft dramatic music]
- I don't want it
to happen that way for me.
I didn't get a goodbye
last time.
I do not want
to just disappear.
- Me either.
Even more reason for us
to understand what is going on.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa, wait.
This is weird.
- What? What is?
- Uh, okay.
"Split River High School
has been chosen
"for a national pilot program
"to protect students
and teachers
from the threat
of a nuclear strike."
- What?
- Uh, "A fallout shelter will
"be built below the east wing
of the school,
"the same location
where fire destroyed
the former chemistry lab
on January 14th, 1958."
- Wait, 1958.
That must be Mr. Martin's fire.
- Yep.
- Does--does it mention him?
- I don't see--oh, yes.
Okay, uh,
"Authorities determined
"the fire was accidental.
"Two people were killed
in the fire
"that overtook the lab during
a routine chemistry lesson.
"Beloved chemistry teacher,
Mr. Everett Martin,
was one of the deceased--"
- Wait, two people?
He said he was
the only casualty.
- Um, "One student was also
killed in the fire..."
um, "sophomore--"
[tense music]
- What? What--what's wrong?
* *
- Janet Hamilton.
Why did they both lie to us?
- Maybe we start off
with what this award
would have meant to Maddie.
- Not much.
She always thought
this kind of thing was silly.
[chuckles]
- Well, what do you think
she would say
if she got the award?
- She would say,
"What's the point
if there's not a cash prize?"
- Don't let her talk her way
out of this.
Ask her what she remembers
about that last day.
- Sandra, what do you remember
about that day
when you came to school
looking for Maddie?
- Why are you asking
about that?
- For the speech.
I thought
that if you remembered
something meaningful...
- She's gonna try to bail.
- I shouldn't do this.
You know what?
You can accept the award
and bring it by the house
or keep it.
I honestly don't care.
- I didn't mean to upset you.
- Really?
Could've fooled me.
- No, she can't just leave.
Ask her about the necklace.
- I--I shouldn't be here.
- Simon, ask her
about the necklace.
- Why do you have
Maddie's necklace?
[tense music]
* *
I know you told the cops
that you came to school
the day Maddie went missing,
which I know is true.
I saw your car.
But you said
you didn't see Maddie.
I know that's a lie,
because she was wearing this
when she left study hall.
Why'd come to school
that day anyway?
Maddie told me, she said
that you had to go away
in some program.
Why come back?
- Simon.
- So that's why you were
at the house today.
- Why do you have it?
* *
- [breathing shakily]
- I remember.
- Mads.
[suspenseful music]
* *
- Hi, sweetie.
- I found her
in the hallway that day.
Why did she lie?
- Why'd you lie
about seeing her?
- Because I--
I was ashamed
of what happened that day.
She found me and then--
- Mom, what are you doing?
Why are you here?
- I don't need to be in rehab.
Okay?
I'm sober. I feel great.
It was a waste of money
for me to be there.
- Mom--
- Listen, I have something
really exciting to tell you.
- Mom, you cannot be here.
- Maddie, stop it.
- Mom, you need to go back,
please.
- All right, just listen to me.
All right?
- Mom, keep your voice down.
Please, come--
- Maddie.
- What are you talking about?
- So this guy
that I was
in treatment with, Alex,
he told me about
these great cabins up north.
And it's this new development,
and they're going
for a really great deal.
And so I bought us one.
- That's impossible.
Okay, we don't have any money.
We had to borrow enough
to put you into rehab.
- We have money.
- [laughs drily]
- Okay, I don't want you
to overreact,
but I used the money that
we put away when your dad died.
But it's for us,
for our future,
so we can start over.
- That was my college fund.
- All right, well,
we'll figure it out.
Okay?
I mean, the schools up there
are not very expensive.
- I'm going to school
in Chicago.
Mom, we--we talked about this.
- All right, well,
why would you wanna do that?
That is very far away.
- 'Cause I don't wanna
stay with you.
[school bell rings]
[doors opening]
[chatter and laughter]
* *
We're gonna fix this right now.
I'm gonna call him.
- You know, you are being
such a brat right now
and ruining
this beautiful moment.
- Just give me his info.
I'll take care of it.
I'll get it back.
- Well, you know what,
you can't.
I wrote him a cashier's check
this morning.
You know, you just need
to get over it
and realize
that I am the adult here.
- Yeah?
Adults are supposed
to take care of things.
They're supposed to be
responsible for their lives,
for their kids.
No one has taken care of me
since Dad died.
You can't even take care
of yourself, Mom.
That money was--
[crying]
That money was for me from Dad.
It wasn't yours to spend.
It's like every day you wake up
and you find a new way
to hurt me.
I have to lie
to my friends every day.
I have to pretend
everything is okay.
You know, I spend so much time
and energy just trying
to hide what a mess you are.
You wanna start a new life?
I've spent so long
just trying
to survive this one, Mom.
You wanna take everything
that Dad gave me,
go ahead.
[soft dramatic music]
Take this too.
* *
You can pawn it,
probably get 40 bucks for it.
Buy yourself
a fucking welcome mat.
- Mad.
- Stop.
- Maddie--
- Just leave.
Leave me alone.
* *
[door closes]
[crying]
- And so I just left her there.
I went home.
- She's telling the truth.
- I was never trying
to be a bad mom.
I just was.
- Oh. There you guys are.
We're about to get started.
- Go ahead.
I'll catch up in a minute.
* *
- She killed my spirit,
but she didn't murder me.
- Then who did?
* *
- Simon, call me.
Like, as soon
as you get this, call me.
Can you breathe
quieter, please?
- Excuse me?
- You know what?
Don't worry about it.
- Oh, my God.
What is your problem with me?
What, I can't even breathe now?
- Guys.
- Um, for starters,
maybe because you hooked up
with my best friend's
boyfriend.
- Nicole.
- You blackmailed me.
- You blackmailed someone too.
- Great. Great.
See, right there?
That's called common ground.
You both recently
blackmailed someone.
- Oh, like you're so innocent.
- Okay, let's not forget
the part you played
in this whole thing,
thank you very much.
- Look, we are way past
the point of no return here.
Now, all three of us
have screwed up,
and all of us owe
something to Maddie.
Well, this is what we can do
to make it up to her.
No more sitting and waiting.
I'm going in.
- Me too.
- Wait, I'll come too.
- No.
You stay in the car,
in case we need
a getaway driver.
[unsettling music]
* *
- Dude, this place
looks like it hasn't
been touched in years.
- I can relate.
The article said
that this was built
where the old science wing was
after the fire.
Wait.
Looks like someone's
touched this.
- What?
- Well, this looks like--
looks like it's been moved.
* *
Huh, what are these?
- Whoa.
This is like
some "Raiders of the Lost Ark"
action.
- What--what are these?
- These are our obituaries.
- "Subject displays paranoia
and alleged memory loss.
"Unclear if subject is aware
of cause of death.
Requires further study."
- Isn't this
Mr. Martin's handwriting?
* *
[quartet playing]
[applause]
- Thank you,
Split River Quartet.
The English department award
goes to senior Madison Nears.
Her mother is here this evening
to accept the award
on her behalf.
[applause]
- [clears throat]
Hi. I'm Sandra.
Um...
[feedback whines]
It's funny,
this is actually the first time
I've ever been in the gym here.
Um, Maddie didn't really do
too many school activities,
and, um,
whenever she was honored
for her grades
or whatever, uh...
she didn't want me to come.
[tender music]
Um, I--I know, uh,
it seemed like Maddie was
kind of hard to get to know,
and that's probably my fault.
* *
But I--I hope you all know,
even if you didn't
know her very well,
though maybe
it didn't seem like it,
she cared so, so much
about everything--
her friends,
going to college,
me.
She took care of me...
Probably more than she should
have had to.
So I--I just hope
that all of you here know,
even if you weren't close,
that Maddie would have
stood up for you.
* *
She would have helped you
if you needed it
because she was just
that kind of person.
She was really,
really wonderful.
[crying]
And I just wish
that someone had been there
to stand up for her.
I wish that I--
[crying]
I wish that I had
been there for her.
Excuse me.
Um, thank you.
[applause]
- Uh, thank you again,
Ms. Nears.
[clears throat]
Uh, how about, uh,
giving it up
for the orchestra again?
[applause]
The, uh, sophomore, the junior,
and the senior award winners
for this year to come up
and will each receive
your award.
- You know,
it might not seem like it,
but you're lucky, Maddie,
lucky that you got this...
This goodbye.
- Yeah, I don't know if any
of it will ever make any sense.
But maybe if my mom's
ready to say goodbye,
maybe so can I.
I think I'm ready
to write my obituary.
[wind howling]
- Come on.
[unsettling music]
* *
- I just wanna state
for the record,
this is basically
my worst nightmare come true.
- Yeah. But I'm here.
I got your back.
Just look around and see
if you can find anything--
clothes, food,
stuff someone might have left
if they were squatting here.
- Okay.
* *
- Did you find anything yet?
- [gasps]
- [exhales shakily]
- Sorry.
- I think we're gonna
get through this faster
if we just split up.
- What?
What--
Great idea. Love that.
* *
[wind howling]
[whispers] What?
- Nicole.
- What?
- There's someone in here.
- I saw someone come in.
- What?
- We're safe here.
[door slams shut]
[both scream]
Xavier!
Xavier?
- Hey! Hey!
Guys, come on!
- What--
- Xavier!
- Hey!
Hey, stop!
[engine turns over]
[engine revving]
[tires squealing]
[grunts]
- Xavier!
[tires squealing]
Nicole, help!
- Xavier!
- Help!
Help!
Call 911.
- "Final moments are a source
"of great despair
in the subject.
"Hypothesis:
reliving final trauma
"to greatest extent possible
may increase thinning
and provide access point."
I don't--
Char--
This was the play
that killed me.
Mr. Martin's been
documenting us,
and he's been
documenting our deaths.
- What?
Look, this is another article
about the fire.
"Grieving parents
of Split River sophomore,
"Janet Hamilton,
demand administration
"be held accountable
for daughter's death
"after surviving students say
fire was started at the hands
of her late educator,
Mr. Everett Martin."
This says that
Mr. Martin caused the fire,
but he told us it was
a student's fault.
- Charley...none of these
even mention Janet.
- [coughing]
- Oh, thank God, Xavier.
The ambulance is coming, okay?
- Did you see him?
Did you see the guy?
[tense music]
* *
- Where does it hurt?
Xavier. Xavier, look at me.
Let me see your eyes.
Does it hurt? Does it hurt?
- What the fuck?
- Xavier, you hit your head.
* *
- Shit.
- Xavier! Oh, my God.
- No, no, no, no. Hey.
- Xavier! Xavier!
- Hey, hey.
- We have to confront him.
He owes us an explanation.
[door opens]
- What are you guys
doing in here?
I told you to let this go.
- You--you knew about this?
[unsettling music]
You knew that he was
treating us like test subjects
and never really helping us.
You--you knew.
- Look, when Maddie got here
and there was all that stuff
with her friend
on the outside, I--
I just had this feeling.
So I started following him.
[straining]
Thanks.
* *
- Is that...
- Your game ball?
Yep.
- [huffs]
- And my letter to Emilio?
- Sure is.
Right next to my acceptance
letter from Berkeley.
He's been hoarding
all the objects
we had with us when we died.
- I'm gonna throw up.
Are we sure it's him?
- Who else knows
everything about us?
Who have we sat with for
decades baring our souls to?
Who else has some deep,
secret connection
to this stupid fallout shelter?
You know, I've been fooled
by someone like this before,
and I'm not gonna let it happen
to all of us again.
[door slams]
- Jesus.
* *
It's locked.
- Just give it a second.
It'll--it'll reset.
Why didn't it reset?
- I'm checking the hatch.
- [grunting]
- [exhales deeply]
What are you doing here?
- I have to talk to you.
- Okay.
I have to say something first.
When I first got here, I was
asked to write my obituary
to help me move on.
And I was finally able
to write it tonight.
And I wanna read it for you.
[breathes shakily]
I was born.
It was all really hard.
But I had Simon.
[soft dramatic music]
I know why we have
this connection,
why you're the only person
who can see me and hear me.
Because you're the only
person who's never
asked me for anything.
You've never taken
more than you've given.
You're the only person
I can count on,
and you're the only person
I can trust,
and you've only ever
loved me unconditionally.
And I need you to know
that I love you too, Simon,
in a way that's bigger
than high school,
that's bigger than family,
bigger than life or death.
You know, nobody makes it
out of life alive.
But...I'm really grateful
that I didn't have
to make it out of it alone.
* *
Say something.
- [breathing heavily]
I wish that was true.
- What is that?
- That's the person who's been
breaking into houses
across town.
It's who attacked
Xavier tonight.
[unsettling music]
* *
I don't know...
if this is real, Maddie.
Maybe you're just some
fucked up coping mechanism
that I created
to put off the pain--
to put off the pain
of losing you.
But you're alive out there,
and I lost my mind.
- No.
Simon, this is real.
This is me.
Simon.
No, Simon.
Simon, I'm real.
[siren wailing]
[tires screech]
[indistinct radio chatter]
- That's my son in there.
- Why don't you ride with us?
Come in.
- Is it that bad?
Xavier?
[tense music]
* *
[crickets chirping]
- * Pull the plug
in September *
* *
* I don't wanna die in June *
* I'd like to start
planning my funeral *
* *
* I've got work to do *
- Please, Simon.
I know I can't explain
what's going on, Simon,
but I am here, Simon!
You're not crazy!
Simon!
- * Pull the plug,
make it painless *
* *
* I don't want a violent end *
* Don't say that you'll
always love me *
* 'Cause you know
I'd bleed myself dry for you *
* Over and over again *
- [screams]
* *
- Please, somebody help!
Help!
- [gasps]
- [muffled]
Please, somebody help me.
* *
Help!
Please!
Help. Help!
No, I don't want to.
No.
- * I don't get a choice
in the matter *
* Why would I? *
* It's only the death of me *
[muffled chatter]
* Only the death of me *
- Have to find out
exactly what happened.
What did you feel?
You have to tell me.
You have--
Don't move, Janet!
No! No!
- * I don't wanna
die too soon *
* I think there's good
in you somewhere *
* I'll hang on
till the chaos is through *
* *
- Help!
Somebody, please!
- Charley?
I'm here.
- Maddie!
- I'm trying open the door.
- Maddie, the back hatch
is stuck too.
We can't move it.
- Maddie, be careful!
Please, you can't trust him!
- Trust who?
- * I'd like to plan out
my part in this *
* But you're
such a narcissist *
* You'll probably
do it next week *
* I don't get a choice
in the matter *
* Why would I? *
* It's only the death of me *
- [gasps]
* *
- It's 25.
We prefer small bills.
[wind whistling]
- We need a name
for the ticket purchase.
- Janet.
Uh, Maddie.
It's Maddie.
- * Doomsday
is close at hand *
* I booked the marching band *
* To play as you speak *
* I feel like throwing up *
* You sit and stare
like a goddamn machine *
* I'd have liked
to plan out my part in this *
* But you're
such a narcissist *
* That you did it
on Halloween *
* I had no choice
in the matter *
* Why would I? *
* It's only the death of me *